FIX Fixes pandas extension arrays in check_array (#25813)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.3.rst

  and the `values` key will be removed in 1.5.
  :pr:`21809` and :pr:`25732` by `Thomas Fan`_.

- |FIX| Fixes :func:`utils.validation.check_array` to properly convert pandas
  extension arrays. :pr:`25813` by `Thomas Fan`_.

> 

Reviewer: Should be in utils

  :pr:`25733` by :user:`Brigitta Sipőcz <bsipocz>` and
  :user:`Jérémie du Boisberranger <jeremiedbb>`.

> - |Fix| :func:`utils.validation.check_array` now suports extension arrays with object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- |Fix| :func:`utils.validation.check_array` now supports extension arrays with object
```

Reviewer 2: What are extension arrays? Maybe a link to pandas docs or just adding „pandas“ in the sentence.

>   dtypes by return an ndarray with object dtype. :pr:`xxxxx` by `Thomas Fan`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  dtypes. In that case, it returns an ndarray with object dtype. :pr:`xxxxx` by `Thomas Fan`_.
```
